[Music]
nine places you should never put your
hands or feet in do you consider
yourself a skilled swimmer have you
bravely tested the waters of several
oceans and seas if so that's great but
no matter how well you can swim or dive
there are places you should definitely
steer clear up some have treacherous
underwater rocks floes and tides while
others have gained notoriety for the
legends of monsters and mysterious
creatures dwelling in their depths in
this video you'll learn all about the
most dangerous and terrifying bodies of
water you should never ever go swimming
in in fact even just dipping your hand
or foot in the water could cost you your
life
9 thus trade the river wharf in
Yorkshire England has an extremely
narrow part called the strip which is a
local variation of stride this section
is so narrow that you could literally
leap across it but I wouldn't recommend
doing that in fact just stepping into
this babbling brook isn't a good idea
the wharf itself has an extremely strong
current and due to the narrowness of the
street that current gets even stronger
in this area the sheer force of the
moving water has cut cavities into the
surrounding limestone that are much
deeper than the rest of the river bottom
but that's not the end of the story that
same powerful current has also weakened
the banks of the strip and undercut them
from below that means that the place
where you're standing and staring at the
rapid flow is most likely a frail ledge
hanging over dangerous waters people who
are unlucky enough to fall into the
strip or ignorant enough to try and
enter the water were instantly pulled to
the bottom over the years nobody who's
gotten into the river has ever made it
out alive and you wouldn't know the
threat just by looking at this tiny
narrow moving body of water and that's
the scariest part of all 8 Horseshoe
Lake there's a lake in California that
you could easily call a weekend
paradise sandy beaches picnic areas
hiking trails Horseshoe Lake has it all
all this and 100 acres of dead trees oh
it doesn't just kill trees it kills
people too
the earthquakes of 1989 and 1990 are to
blame they cleared the way for carbon
dioxide to break out from underneath hot
magma and come spewing out into the air
killing the surrounding trees and every
living thing in the vicinity nowadays
Horseshoe Lake is still just as deadly
as it was thirty years ago
the danger lies in the fact that the
levels of this lethal gas changed
absolutely at random you can be enjoying
a peaceful lakeside picnic at one moment
and be dying from asphyxiation the next
there are tons of warning signs posted
around the lake yet the area continues
to claim lives seven khipu falls in
kawaii Hawaii there's a group of
beautiful waterfalls that until recently
was this destinations tourist hotspot
they're called kiku Falls and until they
were closed to the public in 2011 they
were an extremely popular place for
swimming and diving in order to reach
this gym you'd have to walk along a dirt
path for a while until you'd be rewarded
by the sight of a 20-foot waterfall
crashing into a crystal-clear pool below
and why was this area fenced off from
tourists well it's also been a hotspot
for tons of injuries and deaths
obviously some people were hurt while
jumping from the top of the waterfall
but many deaths weren't so easy if at
all possible to explain witnesses
recounts some swimmers peacefully
bathing in the pool at the bottom of the
Falls that simply drowned without any
obvious reason they just all of the
sudden disappeared under the surface
never to be seen again
their bodies were later retrieved from
the very bottom the locals believe that
the water spirit Moe drags people down
because it doesn't like to be disturbed
by noisy tourists others think there's a
powerful whirlpool ray
at the bottom whatever the case
Authority x' have ordered Travel Guide
publishers not to mention Kapoor Falls
anymore and trespassing carries a hefty
punishment definitely not worth it six
thus amazing hole named after a nearby
fishing village
thus amazin hole is a sight to behold a
whopping 280 foot drop it's the deepest
diving site in the whole Gulf of
Thailand amazing exciting and
mesmerizing it's also the most dangerous
it's become a watery grave for countless
divers and here's why first of all it's
situated in a high traffic zone of huge
oil tankers secondly there are extremely
strong currents around this place plus
brave divers who decide to conquer the
cement all have to deal with deadly
Barracuda and as you start your descent
your visibility becomes very poor that
in turn only increases your chances of
not seeing one of these aggressive sea
predators coming right your way at the
nearly pitch-black depths and that's not
all the US Navy used to dump ammo in the
cement all and the site is literally
covered with unexploded bombs
yikes five New Smyrna Beach in Volusia
County Florida
you'll find a New Smyrna Beach when you
see it in pictures
you can't imagine a better beach getaway
you'd be better off staying on the beach
though unless you like swimming with
sharks the thing is that lots of fish
live in the waters near this place and
all this prey attracts sharks in fact
there's so many of them near New Smyrna
Beach that according to the shark attack
file this place is the shark attack
capital of the world scientists say that
if you decide to swim there you'll
definitely come within 10 feet of at
least one shark by the way the bull
shark one of the most dangerous and
aggressive species has been spotted in
this area for Chanukkah p.i beach hawaii
makes this deadly list again for its
beach located on the
Holle coast hana copy I Beach looks
deceptively like a paradise on earth to
reach it you need to walk along a rocky
two-mile trail that happens to be
extremely steep if you make it safely to
the beach you won't see any lifeguards
this place is too remote to have any and
even if it did they wouldn't be able to
save your life anyway if you decided to
go for a refreshing swim
the biggest danger that would most
likely lead to your untimely demise is
rip currents they're so powerful that
even the most experienced swimmer in the
world wouldn't be able to get out of
their deadly embrace there are no reefs
to protect the shores of the beach which
is why the currents are almost always
present and due to the geography of the
area you won't be able to find a safe
place to swim towards the nearest safe
Beach is six miles away visitors of Hana
copy I beach are sternly recommended to
stay out of the water for this purpose
there's also a somber sign standing on
the beach it's got more than 80 marks on
it one for each drowning and the bodies
of 15 of its victims have never been
discovered 3 Berkeley pit this body of
water on our list is one of the few that
doesn't trick you with deceptive beauty
Berkeley picked an artificial lake in
Butte Montana literally looks like a
lake of blood
forget about swimming you can't even
touch the surface of the water with your
hand or foot this reservoir used to be
an open-pit Copper Mine so nowadays
heavy metals like cadmium arsenic zinc
lead and copper leaked from the rocks
surrounding the lake making the waters
highly oxygenated and a cynic in 1995
there was a flock of geese found in the
Berkeley pit and all 342 birds were dead
their internal organs had severe burn
marks from the water - exploding Lakes
there are three exploding lakes known to
people so far Lake malloon and Lake Nyos
in Cameroon and Lake kevo in Rwanda
these lakes appeared over pools of magma
separated by a dam
volcanic rock from time to time magma
releases methane and carbon dioxide
right into the water when it happens
these toxic gases suddenly burst out of
the water
sometimes even causing lake tsunamis in
something called a limnic eruptions
poisonous gases get free from a toxic
cloud that kills nearby animals plants
and people in 1984 37 people suffocated
to death at Lake malloon and in 1986 an
explosion on Lake Nyos killed 1,700
people
and 3,500 livestock one-plus stole a
this Lake in Western Siberia can boast
crystal clear freshwater beautiful
forests on its shores and absolutely no
life in or around it there are no fish
in the lake birds don't fly over animals
steer clear of this picturesque location
and don't even come to drink
scientists have examined the water of
the lake but nothing toxic poisonous or
the least bit dangerous has been found
the researchers did notice some bubbles
going up to the surface but those turned
out to be as harmless as the water
itself in an experiment to get to the
bottom of things
the scientists release the most
undemanding fish Pike carp and perch
into the lake after some time even these
robust species died the same exact thing
happened with aquatic plants the
researchers tried to grow in the lake
the vegetation simply rotted all this
has made the lake a thing of legends its
name is surrounded by whispers myths and
even some conspiracies and while pistoia
lake looks like an absolutely normal
water reservoir and scientists have
found nothing foul whatsoever don't try
your luck taking a swim in it do you
know any other places where you should
never ever risk swimming tell us in the
comments below don't forget to click
subscribe to stay on the bright side of
life